hello I'm Linda Carmen with Martha white
and I'm so pleased to be here today with
my new friend and Rebecca from Sawyer
Kansas Thank You Ann was the winner of
the third annual Martha white muffin mix
challenge so I and what was it like when
you found out you were the winner it was
like surprise and excitement and
disbelief all rolled into one well I'm
sure it was but you had a great recipe
thank you my love double berry
cheesecake bars and what is the double
berry park it's the Martha white
strawberry muffin mix in the crust and
then I topped it or swirled into the
cheesecake that red raspberry jam well
that was a great idea thank you so a
will you show us how to make your recipe
sure first you would want to start by
preheating your oven to 325 and then you
would want to use the Crisco spray and
spray your pan sorry sticks I've give it
a nice little yeah right all good now I
took two packages of strawberry muffin
mix and combine them with one egg and
one stick about or until they're well
beaten I did do that with a mixer and
then I patted that into the baking pan
and then I topped it with a cheesecake
mixture i started with two packages of
cream cheese in the sour cream and
blended them well then i added sugar
flour and almond extract and then I beat
in two eggs but one at a time just until
they were mixed in and then I pour that
over the crust mixture and I took
seedless red raspberry jam and just kind
of da lipped over the top and then I
took a knife when it's just kind of wide
swirls I thrilled that through and then
I turned the pan and just swirled one
more time and then I popped him into the
oven it was really beautiful that just
made such a nice presentation thank you
we all just thought it was wonderful and
we hope that you will be inspired to
create your recipe for the month away
muffin mix challenge just go to Martha
white calm to see ants and all the other
finalists recipes